before love again let me start by saying
be like me don't drink because you tell
yourself you just have one and then
before you know it you're an undead
pirate locked in battle with your arch
nemesis fighting over the booty while
the pump all waiting outside to arrest
y'all booty actually that sounds like a
lot of fun this class of our movie today
ah have you ever played someone not
crazy Legolas and Padme his body devil
look at this shindig started a story
begins with some both little British
girl named Elizabeth Swann singing about
pirates because she started spending her
days riding on foggy ships with a bunch
of old English guys whose idea of
partying is putting two extra sugar
cubes in Nate tea Fleck this guy
Norrington thinking everybody that knows
how to have a little fun ought to be
hanged that's why he's gonna wait until
Elizabeth is legal before he starts
creeping and that's why she's gonna kick
his to the curb because don't nobody
want to be with a man whose idea of
living on the edge is fiddling with his
croquet balls can we get some excitement
full locust are you ragged elephant Oh
locust [ __ ] burnin to a crisp behind us
our ranking elephant and Elizabeth
assumes that just because this boy will
turn I've got a gold chain that he must
be a pirate His Royal mausoleum pirate
okay granted for this sounds just like
Bobby Brown but you know I forget I said
anything
first forward a few years a lot less
prickles and a whole lot more cleavage
later to the day of Norrington's
promotion ceremony and Big Daddy wants
his little girl to look nice for the old
creeper so she got to squeeze her listen
to a corset and she don't think she's
gonna be able to breathe in that damn
thing but Big Daddy says Oh
fiddle-dee-dee and who else would make
the sword for Norrington's promotion and
bring it to the governor's house but
also get bottom boy himself and
Elizabeth is like well I had a dream
about you last night
and he's like was uh naked and she's
like no but you were really Paul and
that is like oh that reminds me we got
some more rich people to get to later
peasant finally the entertainment is
here and took Captain Jack Sparrow who
doesn't let the fact that he's sailing
on the vessel equivalent of a Pinto keep
him from having a good time
you just head on over and commandeer new
ride from the dealers
shield dealership
so while checks being talked to death by
Laurel & Hardy the promotion ceremony
goes off without a hitch
but hitched is exactly what Norrington
wants to be so he asks Elizabeth to
marry him and frankly she'd rather die
and because the Kings Navy don't want to
go in after her without the arm floaties
guess who's gonna be the one to do the
right thing the criminal and this is
what a bunch of dumb rules can do to a
man almost get killed for saving a woman
they get thanks for saving the woman
didn't have to take the same woman you
saved asses so you don't get killed for
being a criminal and saved a woman
didn't do a bunch of Cirque du Soleil Sh
to get away while the Royal Navy uses
y'all actors as a target practice and
who else would Jack run into after he
breaks free from his handcuffs but old
soggy bottom boy himself and he's like
hello my name is captain just Sparrow I
knew your father prepare to die so they
have a long ruling fight full of wit and
masterful swordsmanship that ends in
Jack getting knocked out by a liquor
bottle but party animals are like
cockroaches if you find one there's
about a hundred more just waiting to
come out but they're really after the
medallion that Elizabeth stole from will
all those years ago and this scary
mother cook Captain Barbossa takes
Elizabeth with them because she says our
last name is Turner why does every party
in like this the whole damn town on fire
someone's taking you woman and you wake
up in the middle of the street the next
day next some farm animal not knowing
what happened last night so will finds
out - jack knows some [ __ ] about the
Black Pearl that attacked the port and
he goes to find him and offers to free
him if he'll help him track it down and
Jack's like you offered to let me out of
this cell after he was about to cut my
damn head off yesterday
there must be titties involved and then
will tells Jack that his last name is
Turner choo chain and Jack and we'll
start turtle frontin and they mosey on
over and commandeer ship with one
flintlock pistol because this British
Navy full of boxes but segments we
wanted this one later toots Oh Shh this
is so
and then will says all my pops man he
died when I was a wee lad and I sure
wish I could have known him and Jack is
like well your papa was a rollin stone
wherever he laid his hat was his home
and when he died well he ain't dead he's
doubly Undead on the Flying Dutchman and
we'll pulls out his sword like my daddy
died trying to come back from the stove
don't make me get give me to come off
your home to Tortuga just look at
Tortuga people faced everywhere you look
titties hanging out all over the place
ain't nobody got teeth in the ones they
do have a brown bunch of fellas looking
the horse they Jolly Rogers on some
ladies brothers and I think I see a
[ __ ] stamp off in the distance
kinda looks like my neighbourhood and
then a bunch of women walk up and just
slap jack for yo-ho-ho and definitely my
neighbourhood
well well well looks like we'll ain't
the only one who got lucky last night
into mr. baby back Gibbs over a drink
that would turn your blood 100 proof
Jack tells mr. Gibbs this Turner boy
won't even notice me trading this sappy
stuff for my ship because he'll be too
distracted by miss prissom panel let's
meanwhile on the boat of Barbossa
Elizabeth discovers you ought not be
taking gold off little boys you like
because being abducted by pirates seems
like all fun and games until you find
out you're the only one on the damn ship
with lips and Jack gathers up some party
animals I'm just saying that parrot
right there look like he know how to get
down and they help him crew the
Interceptor to the cursed booty and go
to so they make the blood sacrifice to
reverse the curse but it ain't work and
they argue about it blah blah blah well
I will plays like a jack and rescues the
damsel and she thanks him by giving him
the gold you know is gonna make another
booty joke ninja he thought she was
gonna give him the booty too and as you
can see by his face he is not amused and
will says why'd you take it and
Elizabeth's like well you ain't know she
had two dead ain't in the habit of
giving his daughter to a
poverty-stricken pirate Punk whose only
claim to fame is that his daddy faxed
him some curse playing so Bob Olsen but
his throw Jack in the clink while the
Black Pearl catches the Interceptor and
we'll sacrifices himself for his lady
and dies a virgin
tail is all this time really damned okay
not yet but by now surely y'all have
seen all these movies and know this poor
fellow must have felt like he wasn't
never getting laid
I don't know why we'll saving himself
for Elizabeth I mean Jack was like he
it up and he's kind of pretty but I
guess will would prefer somebody he can
kiss without it tasting like he's
licking an ashtray so Bob also keeps
will as his little boy toy and locks
them in a cage and it scoots Jack and
Elizabeth to their own little island
affair where they get drunk and
Elizabeth starts a fire with the rum
damn party pooping dude
apparently Elizabeth would rather
sacrifice a snobby to the stuffy old
thought Commodore of the Royal Navy and
my Grandmama's wig to save a sweetheart
then to spend time swing your back shots
from Sparrow
so Elizabeth promises to marry
Norrington if he will go save will and
they sailed to Isla de Muerta where Jack
busts up in there just in time to stop
the slaughter sneak some curse bling and
send by BOCES buddies into an awaiting
ambush hard but these are several bits
know how to Rick on the down low
so they go down low and climb up along
the anchor ropes over the hull upon the
poop deck scaling the sails maneuvering
up the masts and into the captain's
cabin and then but Elizabeth wants to
save her man's so she escapes somehow
and potty time but while they're all
bringing down the ship Jack is bringing
down by Bowser and while Jake is
bringing down Barbosa Big Daddy gets
that bigwig snatched and Jack turns
lipless and shows off his bling think of
him like the pirate version of Elon Musk
and like Elon Musk Jack Sparrow ain't
never going to [ __ ] away he stays and
fights and says stupid even when he
makes a fool out of himself even when
he's at risk of losing everything he's
worked for I'm not even sure which one
of these two I'm talking about now but
it's just the right moment Jake flings
the bling to will inject shoots Barbosa
and will replace his father's blood to
the heathen gods and Bob also goes up to
the great pirate ship in the sky and all
these stinky scallywag suddenly starts
shaking because now they know that they
too are immortal
yeah bully and they don't have fun when
you can die Lynn check goes back to Port
Royal where the whole adventure began to
pay his debt to society for being a
deranged womanizing alcoholic or as I
like to call it Johnny Depp but will
once again risks dying a virgin to save
someone he loves while Elizabeth is
overcome by the vapors and Butch and
Sundance fight the law and they win it
will gets his booty and Jack gets his
ship hey you know what Johnny debates
most after a body trying to find his
underwear in the big pile no that's a
joke he probably don't even wear on the
world
Oh die and be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for your regular fix of myth
you can expect me to upload videos
whenever I feel like having a good time
for movies explain fall I'm Jeb Oh dad
so this move was all a mockery or sham
no crimes were committed at all what a
lot of fun later toots